New UI checkout - please don't merge just yet (may need updating) (#7032)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Accounts/cloud-upgrade-instructions.md

3. Confirm your plan selection on the pop up message. 
4. This automatically unlocks your dbt Cloud account, and you can now enjoy the benefits of the Developer plan. 🎉

> 

Reviewer: i think we mentioned that you can add the bit here about the overage pop up if a user has more than 1 user/project and is downgrading to developer?

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/downgrade-dev-flow1.gif"/>

Reviewer: @nataliefiann , since you're updating the gif -- have you removed the old gif (`/img/docs/dbt-cloud/downgrade-dev-flow.gif`)? from the repo to keep the img folder clean?

### Team plan

1. When your trial expires, your account's default plan enrollment will be a Team plan. 

> 2. To unlock your account and continue using the Team plan, you need to enter your payment details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To unlock your account and continue using the Team plan, click on **Select plan** under the **Team** column.
```

> 3. Go to **Select plan**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Enter your payment details and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your payment information and seat purchases. Then click **Save**.
```

> 5. This automatically unlocks your dbt Cloud account, and you can now enjoy the benefits of the Team plan. 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4 This automatically unlocks your dbt Cloud account, and you can now enjoy the benefits of the Team plan. 🎉
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/trial-team-flow.png"/>

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/trial-team-payments-flow.png"/>

> ### Enterprise plan

Reviewer: i think we mentioned double checking staging to see if the enterprise screenshot/gif needs replacing so it matches the new UI

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/downgrade-dev-flow.gif"/>

#### Plan allocation

If you select a plan but have too many seats or projects for that plan (for example, if you select the Developer plan but have more than one developer seat), you'll be directed to the users & projects pages to make edits.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/developer-plan-allocation.png"/>

### Team plan

1. When your trial expires, your account's default plan enrollment will be a Team plan. 
2. To unlock your account and continue using the Team plan, click on **Select plan** under the **Team** column.
3. Enter your payment information and seat purchases. Then click **Save**.

> 4 This automatically unlocks your dbt Cloud account, and you can now enjoy the benefits of the Team plan. 🎉

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. This automatically unlocks your dbt Cloud account, and you can now enjoy the benefits of the Team plan. 🎉
```
